Terms of Use 

Welcome to manycaptions.com. These Terms of Use govern your access to and use of manycaptions.com, including any content, functionality, and services offered on or through manycaptions.com.

1. Acceptance of the Terms
By using manycaptions.com, you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, you must not access or use manycaptions.com.

‍2. Changes to the Terms
We reserve the right to revise and update these Terms at any time. All changes are effective immediately when we post them and apply to all access to and use of the website thereafter. ‍

‍3. Accessing the Website and Account Security
You are responsible for both:
- Making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the website.
- Ensuring that all persons who access the website through your internet connection are aware of these Terms and comply with them.

‍4. Subscription Terms
‍
4.1 Free Trial
We offer a free trial period for new users. No payment information is required to start a free trial
‍
4.2 Subscriptions and Billing
Subscriptions to our services are billed each month.

4.3 Changes in Fees
We reserve the right to modify our subscription fees at any time, effective at the end of your current billing cycle.

4.4 Refunds
All fees are non-refundable. There will be no refunds or credits for partial months of service, upgrade/downgrade refunds, or refunds for unused time with an open account.

‍5. Prohibited Uses
You may use manycaptions.com only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms. You agree not to use the website:
- In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local, or international law or regulation.
- To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use, or re-use any material that does not comply with these Terms.

‍6. Intellectual Property Rights
The content on manycaptions.com, including text, graphics, logos, images, as well as the compilation thereof, and any software used on the site, is the property of manycaptions.com or its suppliers and protected by copyright and other laws.

‍7. Limitation of Liability
manycaptions.com, its affiliates, or their licensors, service providers, employees, agents, officers, or directors will not be liable for damages of any kind, under any legal theory, arising out of or in connection with your use, or inability to use, manycaptions.com, any websites linked to it, any content on the website, or such other websites, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, including but not limited to, personal injury, pain and suffering, emotional distress, loss of revenue, loss of profits, loss of business or anticipated savings, loss of use, loss of goodwill, loss of data, and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract, or otherwise, even if foreseeable.

8. Termination
‍We may terminate or suspend your account and bar access to manycaptions.com immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of these Terms.

9. Governing Law
‍These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of USA, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights.

10. Contact
If you have any questions, please contact us at info2691881@gmail.com

Last Updated: 20/05/2024



